and now this today
i get the news vegan gains's
wife often referred to as jasmine gaines
to me she's the lady gaines uh
she's selling nude images of herself on
only fans
and they have hinted that they are
taking steps towards
video porn
whether or not this is a good idea
for you for her for anyone is subjective
what we all need to move past is this
deep-seated assumption that when you say
something is subjective
that means there's no wrong answer or
that all possible answers
are equally right do you know people do
you know do you know some people
do you know anyone for whom it would be
a really bad idea
to join the military i'm not saying join
the military is the wrong choice
for everyone oh no no no no i'm asking
you think about the people you know
people vote people you know deeply
do you know one guy where if he told you
he was gonna sign up and join the
military you think
for you for you tom for you
that's a really bad idea i'm not making
a judgment about
the military i'm making a judgment about
you see it's subjective
but that doesn't mean there's no wrong
answer
tom joining the army is wrong
for you it's subjective it's a judgment
about who
you are i had a girlfriend a long time
ago
and early on in the relationship she was
asking me questions
kind of to gauge how conservative i am
now most of you in the audience don't
think of me as conservative
but there are some things to an outsider
seem strikingly strangely conservative
like i
absolutely refuse to drink alcohol
zero none
why why why would anyone refuse to drink
alcohol
and you know if you're not already vegan
yourself
being around someone who doesn't just
refuse to eat meat and
drink milk but someone who seriously
makes an effort to avoid killing
cockroaches
like catch a cockroach alive and put it
outside it's like
this seems a little conservative so this
girlfriend of mine came to me one day
early on the relationship and i could
see she thought about this in advance
she thought about the question she was
going to ask
and she asked a question about if you
had a daughter
yourself one day would you
allow her sexually to have freedoms x y
and zed freedoms that you seem to think
women should have in a western democracy
and these freedoms include
sleeping around and taking photographs
of yourself sleeping around
absolutely and my answer was
it depends on the girl
i said you could have two daughters for
whom there are two
totally different answers because this
isn't something where there's one answer
that's good for all humanity that's good
for all mankind
right i could have two different sons
and i'd say yeah you know what steve
you're going to do okay in the middle if
i have a son
i'll i'm not going to name him steve
this is purely hypothetical
but maybe i adopted a son and he was
already named for okay my adopted son
steve
steve you you steve you you'll do tom
tom this is a terrible idea stop trying
to imitate your brother steve what works
for steve isn't
to work for you you have to really know
people
you know and ideally you know yourself
people start filming pornography now in
most western countries
at 18 years old at 18 years old it's
hard to know yourself it's hard to make
the right decision
it's hard to live with the consequences
there's a case that went through the
courts almost exactly one year ago
today against a company called only fans
and
22 young women sued this company
saying that they were talked into
filming pornography with false promises
made
and they regretted it and it ruined
their lives their parents and co-workers
saw these videos so on and so forth most
of those negative consequences
are things that a mature person with
self-knowledge could have foreseen
when they decided to appear in a
pornographic movie
uh most of these things you could say
well these people were
immature or you you could in effect
blame the victim
that is in fact an irrelevant argument
in terms of the
legal decision made by the judge the
judge just had to decide whether the
contracts they signed were valid or
invalid and you decided the contracts
weren't valid
however we're not debating
whether or not the women were immature
like they themselves in this case are
declaring that they're immature
and they think they're regretted we're
not we're not debating that
what we're debating is precisely in our
own lives
how can we have the self-knowledge or
how can other people how can we know
what's good for ourselves
how can we know what's good for our
friend tom or our friend steve
when making these decisions that's
that's really what we're talking about
and it's never going to come down to
this kind of government guideline
about what goes into a contract and it's
never going to be in the constitution
of a country that declares the rights of
man that declares everyone has the right
to join the army
and everyone has the right to sell naked
pictures of themselves
on the internet right the fact that you
can
doesn't mean that you should and the
fact that it's subjective the fact that
it's about you and you and you and
what's really good for you
and who you are that doesn't mean
that there's no wrong answer